feat(Test): template tests (#159)
cryostatio/cryostat-helm: charts/cryostat/TESTING.md

│       │   ├── alpha_config_test.yaml
│       │   ├── ...
│       │   ├── __snapshot__
│       │   └── storage_access_secret_test.yaml
│       ├── values.schema.json
│       └── values.yaml

```
In addition, Cryostat Helm chart includes integration tests located in the `templates/tests` directory and are executed using `helm test`. These tests are different from unit tests in that they involve actual deployment of resources to a Kubernetes cluster to validate the integrated operation of those resources.

## Test File Structure

Here's an example of what a test file looks like:

```yaml
suite: <Name of Test Suite>
templates:
  - <path to template from chart root>
tests:
  - it: <description of what the test does>
    set:
      <values to be set>
    asserts:
      - <assert type>:
          path: <path to value to test>
          value: <expected value>
```
## Common Assertions
- `equal`: Checks if the actual value at path equals the expected value.
- `matchRegex`: Validates if the actual string matches the given regex pattern.
- `exists`: Checks if the specified path exists in the document.
- `notExists`: Ensures the specified path does not exist in the document.

> Visit [ for more Assertion Types](https://github.com/helm-unittest/helm-unittest/blob/main/DOCUMENT.md#assertion-types).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [this document](https://github.com/helm-unittest/helm-unittest/blob/main/DOCUMENT.md#assertion-types) for more assertion types.
```
